[3.13] gh-133441: Fix STORE_ATTR_WITH_HINT bytecode (#133446)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-05-05-17-02-08.gh-issue-133441.EpjHD4.rst

> Fix ``STORE_ATTR_WITH_HINT`` bytecode: deoptimize if the dictionary is a
> dict subclass. Patch by Victor Stinner.

Reviewer: I always suggest keeping technical details out of the changelog, because it's more helpful for users that are reading it. How about we describe what crash was fixed, like this?
```suggestion
Fix crash upon calling :meth:`~object.__setstate__` with a :class:`dict` subclass. Patch by Victor Stinner.
```

Author: The bug is not specific to the ``__setstate__()`` method, so I adjusted the NEWS entry.
